Destroy CI clusters when there is no active investigation (#597)
openshift-pipelines/pipeline-service: ci/docs/continuous_integation.md

## Setup GitHub app

- Need to configure GitHub app for Pipelines as Code configuration into Pipeline Service repository.

## Debugging an issue during the CI execution

> The CI automatically destroy cluster at the end of the pipeline, which is an issue when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI automatically by default destroys the test cluster at the end of the pipeline, which is an issue when
```

Author: Rephrased.

troubleshooting is required.

> To solve that issue, in case of failure, a `destroy-cluster.txt` file in created in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bypass deletion of the test cluster, delete the `destroy-cluster.txt` file that is created in the
```

Author: Rephrased.
